Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, ‘and what is the use of a book,’ thought Alice ‘without pictures or conversations?’ (Alice in Wonderland, Lewis Carroll)

Alice was walking with her sister
Alice’s sister was peeping into the book
There weren’t any pictures in the book
Alice liked books without conversation

Most likely, Alice’s sister enjoyed books
It seems they were close to a stream
Alice was an avid reader




Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment: she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it. There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind, and was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, ‘Oh my ears and whiskers, how late it’s getting!’ She was close behind it when she turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging from the roof. (Alice in Wonderland, Lewis Carroll)

Alice was near the roof when she turned the corner
The passage led from the roof to the Rabbit
Mr Carroll writes about one long thing in this passage
Alice lost the Rabbit before turning the corner




She was now only ten inches high, and her face brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going through the little door into that lovely garden. (Alice in Wonderland, Lewis Carroll)

Alice couldn’t go through the door before.
Alice was now larger than before.
Alice wanted to go to the garden at the other side of the door.
The garden was not very nice.




After a time she (Alice) heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. (Alice in Wonderland, Lewis Carroll)

Alice had been crying.
Alice was deaf.
Alice couldn’t know if someone was coming.
Whatever was coming, it was small.

Alice heard someone coming




‘I’m sure those are not the right words,’ said poor Alice, and her eyes filled with tears again as she went on.

Alice started crying
Alice was happy
Alice had been crying before



—————
‘I wish I hadn’t cried so much!’ said Alice, as she swam about, trying to find her way out. ‘I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by being drowned in my own tears! That will be a queer thing, to be sure! However, everything is queer today.’

Alice had been crying before.
Alice was walking, looking for a way out.
Alice was swimming in the sea.
Alice was having a strange day.


———
At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them, called out, ‘Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! I’ll soon make you dry enough!

Someone near the Mouse was wet
Some characters in this book thought highly of the Mouse 
The Mouse had a plan to help his friends
There had been some bickering earlier


The Mouse wanted to be heard
The others didn’t want to get dry
The others were standing up.


—————
‘In that case,’ said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, ‘I move that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic remedies—’

The Dodo wanted to have a meeting immediately
The Dodo was talking to an energetic fellow
There seemed to be a problem that had not been solved
The Dodo moved so everyone could hear him better




————
The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back. However, it was over at last, and they sat down again in a ring, and begged the Mouse to tell them something more. 

There were both big and small birds
They sat down to eat the comfits
The Mouse had been talking before
Something had happened before they ate the comfits
The large birds could not taste their noise
They had been sitting in a ring before



————
‘And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?’ said the Lory. 

The Lory asked to go on an adventure
The Lory knew who Dinah was
The Lory had a question for Dinah
Dinah and the Lory were good friends
Dinah was having an adventure


———
As Alice said this, she came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass plate with the name ‘W. RABBIT’ engraved upon it. She went in without knocking, and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the real Mary Ann, and be turned out of the house before she had found the fan and gloves. 

The house had at least two floors
Someone thought Alice was Mary Ann
Mary Ann was looking for a fan and gloves
Mary Ann went in without knocking
Alice had engraved “W. RABBIT” on a door
Alice was calm






